C:\Users\Alpha\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\bin\Debug\Lz01.exe.config
C:\Users\Alpha\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\bin\Debug\Lz01.exe
C:\Users\Alpha\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\bin\Debug\Lz01.pdb
C:\Users\Alpha\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\obj\Debug\Lz01.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alpha\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\obj\Debug\Lz01.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\Alpha\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\obj\Debug\Lz01.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Alpha\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\obj\Debug\Lz01.exe
C:\Users\Alpha\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\obj\Debug\Lz01.pdb
C:\Users\Alpha\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\obj\Debug\Lz01.Form1.resources
d:\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\bin\Debug\Lz01.exe.config
d:\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\obj\Debug\Lz01.exe
d:\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\obj\Debug\Lz01.pdb
d:\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\bin\Debug\Lz01.exe
d:\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\bin\Debug\Lz01.pdb
d:\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\obj\Debug\Lz01.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\obj\Debug\Lz01.Form1.resources
d:\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\obj\Debug\Lz01.MainForm.resources
d:\YandexDisk\Лабораторнi\2016_Весняний семестр\Платформи корпоративних інформаційних систем\Л.Р\1 - Процедурні та об’єктні можливості платформ .NET\Lz01\Lz01\obj\Debug\Lz01.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\GoogleDisk\Європейська школа програмістів\PRG\Lz01\bin\Debug\Lz01.exe.config
D:\GoogleDisk\Європейська школа програмістів\PRG\Lz01\obj\Debug\Lz01.exe
D:\GoogleDisk\Європейська школа програмістів\PRG\Lz01\obj\Debug\Lz01.pdb
